the idea was an accident a day after
president trump's inauguration in 2017
mcadoo was hanging out with friends
in memphis on the roof of a building
they heard demonstrators in the streets below i
remember thinking it would be very interesting if
someone was in this situation with a sign that had
nothing to do with anything that's going on here
and so how did you get to birds aren't real as
the thing that's on the sign i don't even know
it was just the most absurd thing i could think
of i'm angry and i'm here to protest sign in hand
he took to the streets of memphis ad-libbing a
stream of absurdities wake up america birds are
not real they're admit they're an illusion
thank you for your time his friends lauren
cursed ali perkins and jenny bailey couldn't
believe what was coming out of peter's mouth
peter just goes all out and he just starts like
screaming like random stuff like off the top of
his head like just whatever he thought of at the
moment and it's not scripted he's just a hundred
percent improvising this moment yeah he's like
birds aren't real they're a lie and just like
whatever would come up to his head he'd like
say it it was just incredible how he created
this whole character and personality off the bat
like his improv quickly yeah this is impressive
we're like okay where did this come from there is
a pademic happening peter's friend ali innocently
posted a video of that day online and then
everything changed so i'm getting pictures sent
to me if birds aren't real graffiti and birds are
on chalkboards and seeing you know you know chants
in cafeterias and you know stadiums like birds
aren't real at high schools did you think at
that point like this is awesome or what have i
done i remember being fascinated by it i remember
thinking okay why do people identify with this so
much and just thinking like there was this energy
in memphis for this idea and that i would
always regret it if i didn't lean into that